This file is to describe the details of 5_wards_dataset, constructed by Lewen, Guo during the Msc Program in Finance, 
Waseda University.

The 5_wards_dataset is a unique micro-level dataset which is merged by the housing rental data collected from website during 
March 2018 and "point dataset" provided by Zenrin Corp (updated on July 2017).

"Shinjuku" is the unique micro-level dataset and "Shinjukup" is "point dataset". The same formation goes for other wards.

The details of dataset constructing process are illustrated in details in original master thesis.

Guo, L. (2018) Automated Valuation Model: An Application in Japanese Rental Markets (Unpublished master's thesis). 
Graduate Business School and Finance, Waseda University, Tokyo, Japan.
  
The variables of 5_wards_dataset contained in the directories "jsonfiles" and "dbf_shp_shx_files" are summarized as follows:

type: str, the types of the house
name: str, the names of the house
Floorarea: float, the floor area (squared meters) of the house
orientation: str, the orientation of the house
Room: int, the number of rooms of the house
living: int, the number of living room of the house
kitchen; int,the number of the kitchen room of the house
storage: int,the number of the storage room of the house
dinner: int, the number of the dinner room of the house
Managementfee, int, the amount of monthly management fee (in yen) which should be paid by tenant.
Onefamilydummy, binary, if the house is one family the value is 1, else 0
realaskrent, int, real monthly asking rent (in yen) of the house
Shikikin, int, the amount of monthly deposit (in yen) of the house
Hosyoukin, int, the amount of insurance amount(in yen) of the house
Reikin, int, the gratuity fee (in yen)
totalfloor, int, the total number of the building in which the house resides in. 
floornum, int, the floor number of the house in the building
Accessibility1, int, minutes to the nearest railway station by walk. 
MaterialDummy, binary, 1 if the house is constructed by concrete, 0 for wood
relativefloor, float, floornum divided by totalfloor
longitude, float, longitude of the house
latitude, float, latitude of the house
nameofpointdata, str, the name of the house in point dataset
fuzzyratio, int, fuzzy ratio for the matching of two datasets
location, str, the address of the house
indexofp, int, the index of the house in point dataset
unitrent, float, realaskrent divided by Floorarea
logunitrent, float, the logarithms of unitrent
geometry. point, combined latitude and longitude




 